MIT License (Modified)

Copyright (c) 2025 "Crunchysteve" filthynoisesmusic@gmail.com only commercial 
and the original author's moral rights reserved. Not for profit use by 
individuals or communities are welcome.

### Permissions
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

### Modification
Provisions for commercial use of all of this project, or any part thereof, 
requires either, a commitment to financial support (in the form of a per unit 
licence), or ongoing contributions of in-kind development/refinement of any
code or designs originating in this project, such as pull requests for design
improvments or code for any microcontroller additions, along with strict 
adherance to keeping this project open source. This modification also applies
to the author(s)/maintainer(s) of this project.

### Terms
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. Some parts of the circuit 
diagram are derived from the MIDI standards and are not the intellectual
property of the maintainer. This licence is not applicable to those portions 
and they remain entirely the property of the current MIDI standards body.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
